## Description
Custom python package that converts input TFRecords into batch datasets ready to be fed to Keras deep models.

## Functions and Classes
- `GetFilesInfo` : CLASS - get the list of TFRecords from the user-input directory, and get the information of the patches as inlcuded in the mixer file generated by Earth Enigne: https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/guides/tfrecord#mixer.
- `get_features_dict()` : FUNCTION - generate a dictionary of features needed to later parse single records into multi-channel tensors.
- `dataset_split()` : FUNCTION - split the input dataset into user-defined sized training and test (and optionally validation) datasets.
- `PrepareBatches` : CLASS - convert the input pre-processed TFRecord dataset into Batches Dataset ready to be fed to Kears deep models
- `prepare_prediction_dataset()` - FUNCTION - convert the input TFRecord dataset into Batches Dataset ready to be predicted by a target model. The function perform fewer pre-processing tasks as the input TFRecord don't have labels attached to them. The output dataset is used for predictions.
- `prepare_prediction_classes()` - FUNCTION - convert the input TFRecord dataset into a TensorFlow Dataset containing the classification of the traditional classifier used in Google Earth Engine. The resultant dataset is intended for cross validation with the predictions of the Keras model.

## Tests
- `test_fixed_length_features` - test the **get_features_dict()** function
- `test_prepare_predictions` - test the **prepare_prediction_dataset()** function
- `test_prepare_classes` - test the **prepare_prediction_classes()** function
- `test_records_split` - test the **dataset_split()** function

- No test were implemented for the **GetFilesInfo** class, because it specifically access cloud storages that are unique to users and no public cloud storages could be provided for public testing.
- No test were implemented for the **PrepareBatches** class, because it specifically access cloud storages that are unique to users and no public cloud storages could be provided for public testing.